docs(nuxtjs): Added a typescript example for nuxtjs based on the already existing javascript example for nuxtjs (#4407)
prisma/prisma-examples: typescript/rest-nuxtjs/README.md

# Fullstack Example with NuxtJs (REST API)

> This example shows how to implement a **fullstack app with [NuxtJs](https://nuxtjs.org//)** using [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) (frontend), [Express](https://expressjs.com/) and [Prisma Client](https://www.prisma.io/docs/reference/tools-and-interfaces/prisma-client) (backend). It uses a SQLite database file with some initial dummy data which you can find at [`./prisma/dev.db`](./prisma/dev.db).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to implement a **fullstack app with [Nuxt](https://nuxtjs.org//)** using [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) (frontend) and [Prisma Client](https://www.prisma.io/docs/reference/tools-and-interfaces/prisma-client) (backend). It uses a SQLite database file with some initial dummy data which you can find at [`./prisma/dev.db`](./prisma/dev.db).
```

Author: Done

Author: Done

Author: Yes I have closed https://github.com/prisma/prisma-examples/pull/4353 in favor of this PR?

}
```

### MySQL

For MySQL, the connection URL has the following structure:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "mysql"
  url      = "mysql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DATABASE"
}
```

Here is an example connection string with a local MySQL database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "mysql"
  url      = "mysql://janedoe:mypassword@localhost:3306/notesapi"
}
```

### Microsoft SQL Server

Here is an example connection string with a local Microsoft SQL Server database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "sqlserver"
  url      = "sqlserver://localhost:1433;initial catalog=sample;user=sa;password=mypassword;"
}
```

### MongoDB

Here is an example connection string with a local MongoDB database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "mongodb"
  url      = "mongodb://USERNAME:PASSWORD@HOST/DATABASE?authSource=admin&retryWrites=true&w=majority"
}
```
Because MongoDB is currently in [Preview](https://www.prisma.io/docs/about/releases#preview), you need to specify the `previewFeatures` on your `generator` block:

```
generator client {
  provider        = "prisma-client-js"
  previewFeatures = ["mongodb"]
}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Done
